Try harder, Itadori!
This is our last chance
to curse each other!
Hey, are you trying to forget me?
He cut himself?!
Soul Multiplicity!
Numerous souls with a weak repulsion
response intermixed and turned into flesh.
Polymorphic Soul Isomer!
That transfigured human is...
Since he's strong enough
to stop me and my brother,
the proportion of his power
after splitting is probably...
...2 to 8.
And it indicates he weakened
the main body!
I can leave that to my brother!
He can handle it!
I heard the grade of transfigured humans
is about Grade 3 to Grade 2.
You must finish him quick, Aoi Todo!
What?
Todo!
You underestimated me!
He's dead?
He was so strong,
yet he died from a single blow.
I see.
He let several souls
burn out in an instant
to obtain explosive power, huh?
Super offensive transfigured human, and...
...there are two more.
Forgive me, you poor souls.
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2:
SHIBUYA INCIDENT
I've finally separated him
from that gorilla.
That's exactly...
...what I want!
It seems...
...you don't want me
to join the fun, eh?
Even Two Polymorphic Soul Isomers
couldn't kill him?
It seems quite hard to hit him.
But if I expand my domain,
I will encounter Sukuna
and get killed by him.
Barrier techniques are complex.
Itadori knows that I once expanded
a domain that excluded him.
Repeating the same trick on him
probably won't work.
Then, what should I do?
The person who taught me
this trick was...
Domain Expansion.
Self-Embodiment of Perfection!
That's practically suicide!
Let's take a gamble!
0.2 seconds of Domain Expansion!
Todo expanded the Simple Domain
that Yuki Tsukumo taught him
to protect himself from the domain.
Itadori was faster, and he sprinted forward,
attempting to exorcise Mahito
before the activation
of Idle Transfiguration.
However, Mahito launched
the technique faster than Itadori.
The materialization of Innate Domain
and the activation of the technique
combined the project
of two stages into one.
Experiencing Black Flash and being in
an awakened state enabled him to act so fast.
Did I pass safely, Sukuna?
For someone like you,
you must have set up a barrier
between you and Itadori.
I'm not gonna let that happen.
I'll kill him before you switch with him.
Just stay here and watch.
Todo!
What's the matter?
I just made it prettier for you.
After the Domain Expansion,
the technique etched on the body
will become difficult to use.
Mahito realized this when he escaped
from Satozakura High School.
Black Flash!
This guy...
He instinctively concentrated
all his cursed energy in his abdomen.
But my technique has already recovered.
And he can't clap!
This time, I can definitely kill him!
♪ At first sight, my heart fluttered ♪
♪ No matter how far, I jump high into the sky ♪
A PICTURE OF TODO'S IMAGINATION
♪ Flying to your side ♪
TANTAKATA~N \"CLIMAX☆JUMPING!\"
♪ Look, courage sprouted in my chest ♪
♪ I stand up bravely with resolve ♪
♪ Want to move forward step by step ♪
♪ Achieve! My own wish! ♪
♪ Try stepping out of the comfort zone ♪
♪ To a place I've never been ♪
♪ Tantakata~n ♪
♪ I can't suppress the thumping of my heart ♪
♪ It encourages me to move on ♪
♪ Although I'm still scared ♪
♪ The voice inside tells me ♪
♪ I want to convey it, I want to keep going ♪
♪ I won't forget at any time or place ♪
♪ The unique feeling in the world ♪
Cra—
♪The unique feeling in the world ♪
Black Flash!
He still touched me for a moment.
It's a miracle to only
have such a slight injury.
Leave the rest to me, Todo.
Thank you, Todo!
Damn!
I got hit directly
by Black Flash at this time!
That gorilla was messing around
till the very end!
But I've finally grasped...
...the essence of my soul...
...and its true form!
Idle Transfiguration.
Instant Spirit Body of Distorted Killing.
Time to say happy birthday.
Itadori.
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2
This is different from any
transformations he used before.
What's the difference?
After experiencing Black Flash,
I finally understood
my true, unbridled soul.
That's unexpected.
Didn't expect you to be
the type to find your life purpose.
Yeah.
But I'm just beginning to wrap things up.
After I kill you,
I will truly be born into this world.
So hard. His body...
...is even harder now.
After experiencing Black Flash,
I finally understood
my true, unbridled soul.
So that's how it is.
This guy...
In terms of cursed spirit,
he has become totally different compared
with the one before the transformation!
To defeat him,
I can only activate...
NO SORCERER CAN CONSCIOUSLY
Black Flash with maximum
UNLEASH BLACK FLASH
cursed energy and hit him.
This is the only way.
It's only for a moment,
but the Black Flash I took after
Domain Expansion indeed has effects.
It seems that we...
...are still full of vitality!
No one can consciously
unleash Black Flash.
But the current Itadori
makes one feel he can freely unleash it.
In that case...
He used the time difference?!
Cursed spirit, there is
something you don't know.
The wrist is just for decoration.
The so-called clap is the cheer...
...of souls.
No position switch?
Unfortunately,
my \"Boogie Woogie\" is dead.
Black flash!
Not yet...
The stock of my transfigured humans...
I admit it, Mahito.
I am you.
I've always wanted to deny you.
I didn't want to agree
with what you said.
But now it's different.
I just want to kill you.
If you are born again as a new curse,
I will kill that guy too.
Even if you change your name and look,
I will kill you again.
There's no need for meaning or reason.
Maybe centuries after my death,
this act will only become meaningful.
I guess I must be only
a cog of some great thing.
I will keep killing curses
before I get rusty.
This is...
...my mission in this war.
Geto!
Do you need me to save you, Mahito?
EPISODE 45: TRANSFORMATION
An arranged fate
may not be considered fate.
However,
in the moment when false fates intertwine,
it becomes a kind of fate.
Next Episode: \"Transformation Part 2.\"
Some things flourish
within the gilded layers.